and then I'm either the linux or the stock
To tell you about samsung galaxy
mega luso that's right our samsung
galaxy mega plus ultra power my a
samsung is fire
she launches the samsung galaxy mega 5.8 that
we already know there since last year
and now she threw it forward and
launched here the samsung galaxy mega light or
be it samsung galaxy mega 5.8 as
small improvements are not personal but yes
a little more just you will see here
not comparative
I'm another website that gadget
guedes ponto ndtv dot com and I used it
this is the comparative here to show
for you there the launch there samsung
getting ahead samsung galaxy mega plus
Let's go, oh, the Samsung Galaxy mega
5.8 it is i 9152 and the other is the hymn
9152 p p than too much personal bidding
huh
come on 1 was announced in June 2013 the
another now in February 2014
touchscreen the dimensions of the same
being that the galaxy plus it weighs a
little more like a big one and a half
almost anything
the battery of the same capacity is talking
that is not removable battery exist
this spirit is not here but personal
many to tell you
information may not be
According're here because no site today
days it is as well as reliable 100% okay
can always be a divergence of dje
one item or another is that more colors
Well, Sergeant Melo is white.
which is the value of the radiation also not
consists
but there in the gsm arena arena surely he
write the sars
is the screen size 5.8 for both ne
capacitive touchscreen inhabitants right
until then resolution 540 by our 60 and
which of the two
or it does not specify points for
inches
It's okay if you see that cell phone in there.
gsm arena you will have a notion more
or less than the bid is for example is
points per inch that does not discriminate
here colors 16 million and 16 million
basics here has something that the other
sites said the following samsung galaxy
mega it speaks that dual-core 1.4 but in
other sites speak al khor of 1.7 and
This they say has improved because it is a
core of 1.2 but it depends a lot too
if it 's a sets it's a new one and without a
cell phone 11 understood how much the
The main thing of all is the antidote to see
if his performance is better than
its predecessor gmail handball for
for the two nor eight gigas the same for
the two né storage is memory of
storage capacity of 16 gb also for
two do not talk until how much will it surely
be up to 64 equal the galaxy takes the camera
8 megapixel rear and camera
1.9 front and flash for both led
flash right
android 4.2 for both but if I
cheating the mega galaxy it already goes
to receive the 4 4 ​​2 the plan is the omega
also he will receive 4 4 ​​2
it is very likely that when you leave or
plan skirt with 442 support for now
I'll talk here
yesterday other does not have the browser support
to flash in Brazil so here not
is sure and if the browser flash that
Ah okay, he said so
It's very strange because you 're not having
more flash support is very strange
this information goes to both none
of them have a father does support is thunder
support standard for wifi neither
I had not seen this issue still okay
gps for both bluetooth nfc none have
infrared also has no
dl n is only for the
samsung galaxy mega for the plan does not have
dna does not have wi fi direct the mhl out that is
that cart there for you is to do the
hdmi also does not have to both output
neither was hdmi in video three and
means for both him and the team since there
what they say
p2 né 2f I think this fm has for the
plus micro sp to charge and
data transfer
it's loading via usb and yes that's more
charge connector here
It's not a proprietary connector, right?
uploading a micro usb and to
own te data connector
owner for data, not because
it uses a standard micro usb today
market
tá number of sims 2 there for two
again
yes, yes, two is micro sim for both
huh
the frequencies 2 and 3g and 2g and 3g were not gené
23 is normal to not supported so
I see here for 4g sensors is the
galaxy mega he has what he has to
step that more that has relation with another
comparsa he has and one gyro the other
It only has the same thing as what to do to
both are have accelerometer proximity
ambient light sensor
It's not for barometer and not for
temperature sensor
has the west 4 o this cell phone that they
they are saying that it is certainly
first launched there in
not like that
so that after he won the world who
He knows he won the world over and here comes
to Brazil for Europe and states
United
But today it's commercialized Mega Sun I
I find the following samsung
she should and should not have liked
some characteristics of the class
average circulation the club get the plus
with minor improvements
I do not know if I live here when it will
will be 200 reais more expensive $ 300 max
for 200 300 above 10 but not longer
it's worth my while you buy one
a little more expensive just because
changed the side chain
For me, this is just embellishment and change.
could be much more significant with
a ram is nfc type in
infra-red
I use it so a little more on
relation to his predecessor to see that
an improvement is not nearly equal to the
I told him he killed with a
Side to me is samsung jorge that was not
very happy in this release not
could have kept the galaxy mega menu
edit more samsung it looks like it has
a goal to beat x cell phones
for a month there to continue first
market place
But it does not bring innovation.
innovation now with these five we'll see
what happens and will bring innovation or
no, it's not personal, that's the comparative
between samsung galaxy mega 5858
the samsung galaxy mega plus also 5.8
between quotation marks could have been a
improved 6 improved better one
t t of a greater improvement in
personal touch with your predecessor
so that if you liked the Oceania
left a message
Okay, thank you and see you later.